Technical Edit of Baldy Release (#1570)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter04.md

<p align="center"><b>Table 4-2:</b> Comparision of CNI multiplexers/metaplugins</p>

1): Under implementation in the current release.  

 [Calico](https://github.com/projectcalico/cni-plugin) may be used as the CNI what complies with the basic networking assumptions of Kubernetes based on the requirement `req.inf.ntw.08` due to it's capability to handle `NetworkPolicies`, what is missing from [Flannel](https://github.com/coreos/flannel-cni).
For the network of signalling connections the built in IPVLAN CNI of DANM or the [MACVLAN CNI](https://github.com/containernetworking/plugins/tree/master/plugins/main/macvlan) may be used as these provide NAT-less connectivity. For the user plane network(s) the [User Space CNI](https://github.com/intel/userspace-cni-network-plugin) may be used. The User Space CNI may use VPP or OVS-DPDK as a backend.

> > Editors note: The usage SR-IOV in container environments, therefore the inclusion of an SR-IOV CNI plugin and the [SR-IOV Device Plugin](https://github.com/intel/sriov-network-device-plugin) to the architecture are still under debate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Editors note: The use of SR-IOV in container environments and, therefore, the inclusion of an SR-IOV CNI plugin and the [SR-IOV Device Plugin](https://github.com/intel/sriov-network-device-plugin) are still under debate.
```
